Key,File,Type,UsedInMainMenu,NoTranslate,english,Context / Alternate Text,german,latam,french,italian,japanese,koreana,polish,brazilian,russian,turkish,schinese,tchinese,spanish
civilianNPCTestFemaleKhzClub,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCTestFemaleKhzKnife,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCTestFemaleKhzAxe,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCTestFemaleKhzSpear,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCTestFemaleKhzBat,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCTestFemaleKhzMachete,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCTestFemaleKhzSMG,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCTestFemaleKhzM60,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCTestFemaleKhzPipePistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCTestFemaleKhzPistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCTestFemaleKhzDPistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCTestFemaleKhzPipeMG,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCTestFemaleKhzAK47,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCTestFemaleKhzTRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCTestFemaleKhzPipeRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCTestFemaleKhzHRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCTestFemaleKhzSRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCTestFemaleKhzPipeShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCTestFemaleKhzPShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCTestFemaleKhzAShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCTestFemaleKhzXBow,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCTestFemaleKhzLBow,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCTestFemaleKhzRocketL,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCTestMaleKhzClub,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,civil,civil,civile,民間人,일반 민간인,cywil,civil,гражданское лицо,sivil,平民,平民,civil
civilianNPCTestMaleKhzKnife,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,civil,civil,civile,民間人,일반 민간인,cywil,civil,гражданское лицо,sivil,平民,平民,civil
civilianNPCTestMaleKhzBat,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,civil,civil,civile,民間人,일반 민간인,cywil,civil,гражданское лицо,sivil,平民,平民,civil
civilianNPCTestMaleKhzMachete,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,civil,civil,civile,民間人,일반 민간인,cywil,civil,гражданское лицо,sivil,平民,平民,civil
civilianNPCTestMaleKhzAxe,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,civil,civil,civile,民間人,일반 민간인,cywil,civil,гражданское лицо,sivil,平民,平民,civil
civilianNPCTestMaleKhzSpear,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,civil,civil,civile,民間人,일반 민간인,cywil,civil,гражданское лицо,sivil,平民,平民,civil
civilianNPCTestMaleKhzPipePistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,civil,civil,civile,民間人,일반 민간인,cywil,civil,гражданское лицо,sivil,平民,平民,civil
civilianNPCTestMaleKhzPipeRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,civil,civil,civile,民間人,일반 민간인,cywil,civil,гражданское лицо,sivil,平民,平民,civil
civilianNPCTestMaleKhzPipeMG,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,civil,civil,civile,民間人,일반 민간인,cywil,civil,гражданское лицо,sivil,平民,平民,civil
civilianNPCTestMaleKhzPipeShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,civil,civil,civile,民間人,일반 민간인,cywil,civil,гражданское лицо,sivil,平民,平民,civil
civilianNPCTestMaleKhzSMG,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,civil,civil,civile,民間人,일반 민간인,cywil,civil,гражданское лицо,sivil,平民,平民,civil
civilianNPCTestMaleKhzM60,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,civil,civil,civile,民間人,일반 민간인,cywil,civil,гражданское лицо,sivil,平民,平民,civil
civilianNPCTestMaleKhzPistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,civil,civil,civile,民間人,일반 민간인,cywil,civil,гражданское лицо,sivil,平民,平民,civil
civilianNPCTestMaleKhzDPistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,civil,civil,civile,民間人,일반 민간인,cywil,civil,гражданское лицо,sivil,平民,平民,civil
civilianNPCTestMaleKhzAK47,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,civil,civil,civile,民間人,일반 민간인,cywil,civil,гражданское лицо,sivil,平民,平民,civil
civilianNPCTestMaleKhzTRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,civil,civil,civile,民間人,일반 민간인,cywil,civil,гражданское лицо,sivil,平民,平民,civil
civilianNPCTestMaleKhzHRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,civil,civil,civile,民間人,일반 민간인,cywil,civil,гражданское лицо,sivil,平民,平民,civil
civilianNPCTestMaleKhzSRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,civil,civil,civile,民間人,일반 민간인,cywil,civil,гражданское лицо,sivil,平民,平民,civil
civilianNPCTestMaleKhzPShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,civil,civil,civile,民間人,일반 민간인,cywil,civil,гражданское лицо,sivil,平民,平民,civil
civilianNPCTestMaleKhzAShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,civil,civil,civile,民間人,일반 민간인,cywil,civil,гражданское лицо,sivil,平民,平民,civil
civilianNPCTestMaleKhzLBow,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,civil,civil,civile,民間人,일반 민간인,cywil,civil,гражданское лицо,sivil,平民,平民,civil
civilianNPCTestMaleKhzXBow,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,civil,civil,civile,民間人,일반 민간인,cywil,civil,гражданское лицо,sivil,平民,平民,civil
civilianNPCTestMaleKhzRocketL,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,civil,civil,civile,民間人,일반 민간인,cywil,civil,гражданское лицо,sivil,平民,平民,civil
civilianNPCFemaleAgedKhzClub,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleAgedKhzKnife,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleAgedKhzAxe,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleAgedKhzSpear,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleAgedKhzBat,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleAgedKhzMachete,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleAgedKhzSMG,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleAgedKhzM60,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleAgedKhzPipePistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleAgedKhzPistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleAgedKhzDPistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleAgedKhzPipeMG,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleAgedKhzAK47,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleAgedKhzTRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleAgedKhzPipeRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleAgedKhzHRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleAgedKhzSRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleAgedKhzPipeShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleAgedKhzPShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleAgedKhzAShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleAgedKhzXBow,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleAgedKhzLBow,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleAgedKhzRocketL,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleScrubsKhzClub,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleScrubsKhzKnife,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleScrubsKhzAxe,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleScrubsKhzSpear,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleScrubsKhzBat,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleScrubsKhzMachete,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleScrubsKhzSMG,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleScrubsKhzM60,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleScrubsKhzPipePistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleScrubsKhzPistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleScrubsKhzDPistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleScrubsKhzPipeMG,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleScrubsKhzAK47,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleScrubsKhzTRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleScrubsKhzPipeRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleScrubsKhzHRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleScrubsKhzSRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleScrubsKhzPipeShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleScrubsKhzPShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleScrubsKhzAShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleScrubsKhzXBow,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleScrubsKhzLBow,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleScrubsKhzRocketL,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung1KhzClub,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung1KhzKnife,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung1KhzAxe,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung1KhzSpear,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung1KhzBat,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung1KhzMachete,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung1KhzSMG,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung1KhzM60,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung1KhzPipePistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung1KhzPistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung1KhzDPistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung1KhzPipeMG,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung1KhzAK47,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung1KhzTRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung1KhzPipeRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung1KhzHRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung1KhzSRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung1KhzPipeShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung1KhzPShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung1KhzAShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung1KhzXBow,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung1KhzLBow,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung1KhzRocketL,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung2KhzClub,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung2KhzKnife,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung2KhzAxe,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung2KhzSpear,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung2KhzBat,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung2KhzMachete,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung2KhzSMG,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung2KhzM60,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung2KhzPipePistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung2KhzPistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung2KhzDPistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung2KhzPipeMG,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung2KhzAK47,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung2KhzTRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung2KhzPipeRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung2KhzHRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung2KhzSRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung2KhzPipeShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung2KhzPShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung2KhzAShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung2KhzXBow,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung2KhzLBow,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung2KhzRocketL,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung3KhzClub,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung3KhzKnife,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung3KhzAxe,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung3KhzSpear,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung3KhzBat,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung3KhzMachete,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung3KhzSMG,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung3KhzM60,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung3KhzPipePistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung3KhzPistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung3KhzDPistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung3KhzPipeMG,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung3KhzAK47,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung3KhzTRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung3KhzPipeRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung3KhzHRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung3KhzSRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung3KhzPipeShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung3KhzPShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung3KhzAShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung3KhzXBow,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung3KhzLBow,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung3KhzRocketL,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung4KhzClub,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung4KhzKnife,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung4KhzAxe,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung4KhzSpear,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung4KhzBat,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung4KhzMachete,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung4KhzSMG,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung4KhzM60,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung4KhzPipePistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung4KhzPistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung4KhzDPistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung4KhzPipeMG,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung4KhzAK47,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung4KhzTRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung4KhzPipeRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung4KhzHRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung4KhzSRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung4KhzPipeShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung4KhzPShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung4KhzAShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung4KhzXBow,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung4KhzLBow,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung4KhzRocketL,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung5KhzClub,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung5KhzKnife,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung5KhzAxe,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung5KhzSpear,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung5KhzBat,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung5KhzMachete,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung5KhzSMG,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung5KhzM60,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung5KhzPipePistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung5KhzPistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung5KhzDPistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung5KhzPipeMG,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung5KhzAK47,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung5KhzTRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung5KhzPipeRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung5KhzHRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung5KhzSRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung5KhzPipeShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung5KhzPShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung5KhzAShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung5KhzXBow,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung5KhzLBow,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCFemaleYoung5KhzRocketL,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilistin,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleAgedKhzClub,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleAgedKhzKnife,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleAgedKhzBat,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleAgedKhzMachete,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleAgedKhzAxe,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleAgedKhzSpear,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleAgedKhzPipePistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleAgedKhzPipeRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleAgedKhzPipeMG,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleAgedKhzPipeShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleAgedKhzSMG,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleAgedKhzM60,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleAgedKhzPistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleAgedKhzDPistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleAgedKhzAK47,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleAgedKhzTRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleAgedKhzHRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleAgedKhzSRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleAgedKhzPShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleAgedKhzAShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleAgedKhzLBow,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleAgedKhzXBow,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleAgedKhzRocketL,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleAgedScrubsKhzClub,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleAgedScrubsKhzKnife,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleAgedScrubsKhzBat,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleAgedScrubsKhzMachete,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleAgedScrubsKhzAxe,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleAgedScrubsKhzSpear,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleAgedScrubsKhzPipePistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleAgedScrubsKhzPipeRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleAgedScrubsKhzPipeMG,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleAgedScrubsKhzPipeShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleAgedScrubsKhzSMG,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleAgedScrubsKhzM60,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleAgedScrubsKhzPistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleAgedScrubsKhzDPistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleAgedScrubsKhzAK47,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleAgedScrubsKhzTRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleAgedScrubsKhzHRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleAgedScrubsKhzSRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleAgedScrubsKhzPShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleAgedScrubsKhzAShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleAgedScrubsKhzLBow,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleAgedScrubsKhzXBow,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleAgedScrubsKhzRocketL,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleAged2KhzClub,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleAged2KhzKnife,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleAged2KhzBat,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleAged2KhzMachete,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleAged2KhzAxe,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleAged2KhzSpear,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleAged2KhzPipePistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleAged2KhzPipeRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleAged2KhzPipeMG,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleAged2KhzPipeShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleAged2KhzSMG,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleAged2KhzM60,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleAged2KhzPistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleAged2KhzDPistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleAged2KhzAK47,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleAged2KhzTRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleAged2KhzHRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleAged2KhzSRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleAged2KhzPShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleAged2KhzAShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleAged2KhzLBow,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleAged2KhzXBow,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleAged2KhzRocketL,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleCowboyKhzClub,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleCowboyKhzKnife,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleCowboyKhzBat,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleCowboyKhzMachete,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleCowboyKhzAxe,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleCowboyKhzSpear,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleCowboyKhzPipePistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleCowboyKhzPipeRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleCowboyKhzPipeMG,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleCowboyKhzPipeShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleCowboyKhzSMG,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleCowboyKhzM60,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleCowboyKhzPistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleCowboyKhzDPistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleCowboyKhzAK47,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleCowboyKhzTRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleCowboyKhzHRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleCowboyKhzSRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleCowboyKhzPShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleCowboyKhzAShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleCowboyKhzLBow,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleCowboyKhzXBow,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleCowboyKhzRocketL,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleJKhzClub,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleJKhzKnife,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleJKhzBat,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleJKhzMachete,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleJKhzAxe,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleJKhzSpear,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleJKhzPipePistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleJKhzPipeRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleJKhzPipeMG,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleJKhzPipeShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleJKhzSMG,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleJKhzM60,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleJKhzPistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleJKhzDPistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleJKhzAK47,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleJKhzTRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleJKhzHRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleJKhzSRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleJKhzPShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleJKhzAShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleJKhzLBow,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleJKhzXBow,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleJKhzRocketL,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleYoung1KhzClub,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleYoung1KhzKnife,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleYoung1KhzBat,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleYoung1KhzMachete,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleYoung1KhzAxe,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleYoung1KhzSpear,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleYoung1KhzPipePistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleYoung1KhzPipeRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleYoung1KhzPipeMG,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleYoung1KhzPipeShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleYoung1KhzSMG,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleYoung1KhzM60,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleYoung1KhzPistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleYoung1KhzDPistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleYoung1KhzAK47,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleYoung1KhzTRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleYoung1KhzHRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleYoung1KhzSRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleYoung1KhzPShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleYoung1KhzAShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleYoung1KhzLBow,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleYoung1KhzXBow,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleYoung1KhzRocketL,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleYoung2KhzClub,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleYoung2KhzKnife,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleYoung2KhzBat,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleYoung2KhzMachete,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleYoung2KhzAxe,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleYoung2KhzSpear,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleYoung2KhzPipePistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleYoung2KhzPipeRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleYoung2KhzPipeMG,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleYoung2KhzPipeShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleYoung2KhzSMG,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleYoung2KhzM60,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleYoung2KhzPistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleYoung2KhzDPistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleYoung2KhzAK47,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleYoung2KhzTRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleYoung2KhzHRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleYoung2KhzSRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleYoung2KhzPShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleYoung2KhzAShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleYoung2KhzLBow,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleYoung2KhzXBow,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleYoung2KhzRocketL,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleYoung3KhzClub,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleYoung3KhzKnife,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleYoung3KhzBat,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleYoung3KhzMachete,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleYoung3KhzAxe,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleYoung3KhzSpear,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleYoung3KhzPipePistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleYoung3KhzPipeRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleYoung3KhzPipeMG,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleYoung3KhzPipeShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleYoung3KhzSMG,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleYoung3KhzM60,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleYoung3KhzPistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleYoung3KhzDPistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleYoung3KhzAK47,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleYoung3KhzTRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleYoung3KhzHRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleYoung3KhzSRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleYoung3KhzPShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleYoung3KhzAShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleYoung3KhzLBow,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleYoung3KhzXBow,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianNPCMaleYoung3KhzRocketL,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian,,Zivilist,Civil,Civil,Civile,民間人,일반 민간인,Cywil,Civil,Гражданское лицо,Sivil,平民,平民,Civil
civilianBanditTestFemaleKhzClub,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditBanditTestFemaleKhzKnife,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditTestFemaleKhzAxe,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditTestFemaleKhzSpear,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditTestFemaleKhzBat,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditTestFemaleKhzMachete,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditTestFemaleKhzSMG,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditTestFemaleKhzM60,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditTestFemaleKhzPipePistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditTestFemaleKhzPistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditTestFemaleKhzDPistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditTestFemaleKhzPipeMG,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditTestFemaleKhzAK47,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditTestFemaleKhzTRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditTestFemaleKhzPipeRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditTestFemaleKhzHRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditTestFemaleKhzSRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditTestFemaleKhzPipeShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditTestFemaleKhzPShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditTestFemaleKhzAShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditTestFemaleKhzXBow,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditTestFemaleKhzLBow,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditTestFemaleKhzRocketL,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditTestMaleKhzClub,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditTestMaleKhzKnife,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditTestMaleKhzBat,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditTestMaleKhzMachete,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditTestMaleKhzAxe,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditTestMaleKhzSpear,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditTestMaleKhzPipePistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditTestMaleKhzPipeRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditTestMaleKhzPipeMG,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditTestMaleKhzPipeShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditTestMaleKhzSMG,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditTestMaleKhzM60,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditTestMaleKhzPistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditTestMaleKhzDPistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditTestMaleKhzAK47,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditTestMaleKhzTRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditTestMaleKhzHRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditTestMaleKhzSRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditTestMaleKhzPShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditTestMaleKhzAShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditTestMaleKhzLBow,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditTestMaleKhzXBow,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditTestMaleKhzRocketL,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleAgedKhzClub,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleAgedKhzKnife,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleAgedKhzAxe,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleAgedKhzSpear,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleAgedKhzBat,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleAgedKhzMachete,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleAgedKhzSMG,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleAgedKhzM60,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleAgedKhzPipePistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleAgedKhzPistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleAgedKhzDPistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleAgedKhzPipeMG,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleAgedKhzAK47,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleAgedKhzTRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleAgedKhzPipeRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleAgedKhzHRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleAgedKhzSRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleAgedKhzPipeShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleAgedKhzPShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleAgedKhzAShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleAgedKhzXBow,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleAgedKhzLBow,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleAgedKhzRocketL,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleScrubsKhzClub,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleScrubsKhzKnife,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleScrubsKhzAxe,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleScrubsKhzSpear,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleScrubsKhzBat,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleScrubsKhzMachete,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleScrubsKhzSMG,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleScrubsKhzM60,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleScrubsKhzPipePistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleScrubsKhzPistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleScrubsKhzDPistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleScrubsKhzPipeMG,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleScrubsKhzAK47,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleScrubsKhzTRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleScrubsKhzPipeRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleScrubsKhzHRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleScrubsKhzSRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleScrubsKhzPipeShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleScrubsKhzPShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleScrubsKhzAShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleScrubsKhzXBow,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleScrubsKhzLBow,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleScrubsKhzRocketL,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung1KhzClub,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung1KhzKnife,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung1KhzAxe,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung1KhzSpear,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung1KhzBat,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung1KhzMachete,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung1KhzSMG,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung1KhzM60,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung1KhzPipePistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung1KhzPistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung1KhzDPistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung1KhzPipeMG,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung1KhzAK47,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung1KhzTRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung1KhzPipeRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung1KhzHRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung1KhzSRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung1KhzPipeShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung1KhzPShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung1KhzAShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung1KhzXBow,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung1KhzLBow,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung1KhzRocketL,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung2KhzClub,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung2KhzKnife,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung2KhzAxe,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung2KhzSpear,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung2KhzBat,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung2KhzMachete,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung2KhzSMG,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung2KhzM60,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung2KhzPipePistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung2KhzPistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung2KhzDPistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung2KhzPipeMG,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung2KhzAK47,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung2KhzTRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung2KhzPipeRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung2KhzHRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung2KhzSRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung2KhzPipeShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung2KhzPShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung2KhzAShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung2KhzXBow,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung2KhzLBow,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung2KhzRocketL,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung3KhzClub,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung3KhzKnife,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung3KhzAxe,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung3KhzSpear,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung3KhzBat,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung3KhzMachete,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung3KhzSMG,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung3KhzM60,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung3KhzPipePistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung3KhzPistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung3KhzDPistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung3KhzPipeMG,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung3KhzAK47,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung3KhzTRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung3KhzPipeRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung3KhzHRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung3KhzSRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung3KhzPipeShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung3KhzPShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung3KhzAShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung3KhzXBow,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung3KhzLBow,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung3KhzRocketL,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung4KhzClub,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung4KhzKnife,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung4KhzAxe,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung4KhzSpear,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung4KhzBat,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung4KhzMachete,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung4KhzSMG,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung4KhzM60,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung4KhzPipePistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung4KhzPistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung4KhzDPistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung4KhzPipeMG,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung4KhzAK47,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung4KhzTRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung4KhzPipeRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung4KhzHRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung4KhzSRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung4KhzPipeShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung4KhzPShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung4KhzAShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung4KhzXBow,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung4KhzLBow,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung4KhzRocketL,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung5KhzClub,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung5KhzKnife,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung5KhzAxe,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung5KhzSpear,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung5KhzBat,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung5KhzMachete,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung5KhzSMG,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung5KhzM60,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung5KhzPipePistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung5KhzPistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung5KhzDPistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung5KhzPipeMG,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung5KhzAK47,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung5KhzTRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung5KhzPipeRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung5KhzHRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung5KhzSRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung5KhzPipeShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung5KhzPShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung5KhzAShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung5KhzXBow,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung5KhzLBow,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditFemaleYoung5KhzRocketL,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleAgedKhzClub,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleAgedKhzKnife,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleAgedKhzBat,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleAgedKhzMachete,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleAgedKhzAxe,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleAgedKhzSpear,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleAgedKhzPipePistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleAgedKhzPipeRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleAgedKhzPipeMG,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleAgedKhzPipeShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleAgedKhzSMG,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleAgedKhzM60,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleAgedKhzPistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleAgedKhzDPistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleAgedKhzAK47,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleAgedKhzTRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleAgedKhzHRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleAgedKhzSRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleAgedKhzPShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleAgedKhzAShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleAgedKhzLBow,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleAgedKhzXBow,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleAgedKhzRocketL,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleAgedScrubsKhzClub,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleAgedScrubsKhzKnife,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleAgedScrubsKhzBat,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleAgedScrubsKhzMachete,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleAgedScrubsKhzAxe,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleAgedScrubsKhzSpear,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleAgedScrubsKhzPipePistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleAgedScrubsKhzPipeRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleAgedScrubsKhzPipeMG,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleAgedScrubsKhzPipeShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleAgedScrubsKhzSMG,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleAgedScrubsKhzM60,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleAgedScrubsKhzPistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleAgedScrubsKhzDPistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleAgedScrubsKhzAK47,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleAgedScrubsKhzTRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleAgedScrubsKhzHRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleAgedScrubsKhzSRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleAgedScrubsKhzPShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleAgedScrubsKhzAShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleAgedScrubsKhzLBow,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleAgedScrubsKhzXBow,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleAgedScrubsKhzRocketL,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleAged2KhzClub,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleAged2KhzKnife,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleAged2KhzBat,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleAged2KhzMachete,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleAged2KhzAxe,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleAged2KhzSpear,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleAged2KhzPipePistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleAged2KhzPipeRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleAged2KhzPipeMG,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleAged2KhzPipeShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleAged2KhzSMG,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleAged2KhzM60,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleAged2KhzPistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleAged2KhzDPistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleAged2KhzAK47,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleAged2KhzTRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleAged2KhzHRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleAged2KhzSRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleAged2KhzPShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleAged2KhzAShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleAged2KhzLBow,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleAged2KhzXBow,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleAged2KhzRocketL,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleCowboyKhzClub,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleCowboyKhzKnife,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleCowboyKhzBat,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleCowboyKhzMachete,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleCowboyKhzAxe,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleCowboyKhzSpear,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleCowboyKhzPipePistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleCowboyKhzPipeRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleCowboyKhzPipeMG,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleCowboyKhzPipeShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleCowboyKhzSMG,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleCowboyKhzM60,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleCowboyKhzPistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleCowboyKhzDPistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleCowboyKhzAK47,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleCowboyKhzTRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleCowboyKhzHRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleCowboyKhzSRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleCowboyKhzPShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleCowboyKhzAShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleCowboyKhzLBow,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleCowboyKhzXBow,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleCowboyKhzRocketL,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleJKhzClub,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleJKhzKnife,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleJKhzBat,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleJKhzMachete,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleJKhzAxe,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleJKhzSpear,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleJKhzPipePistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleJKhzPipeRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleJKhzPipeMG,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleJKhzPipeShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleJKhzSMG,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleJKhzM60,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleJKhzPistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleJKhzDPistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleJKhzAK47,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleJKhzTRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleJKhzHRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleJKhzSRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleJKhzPShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleJKhzAShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleJKhzLBow,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleJKhzXBow,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleJKhzRocketL,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleYoung1KhzClub,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleYoung1KhzKnife,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleYoung1KhzBat,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleYoung1KhzMachete,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleYoung1KhzAxe,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleYoung1KhzSpear,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleYoung1KhzPipePistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleYoung1KhzPipeRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleYoung1KhzPipeMG,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleYoung1KhzPipeShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleYoung1KhzSMG,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleYoung1KhzM60,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleYoung1KhzPistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleYoung1KhzDPistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleYoung1KhzAK47,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleYoung1KhzTRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleYoung1KhzHRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleYoung1KhzSRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleYoung1KhzPShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleYoung1KhzAShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleYoung1KhzLBow,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleYoung1KhzXBow,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleYoung1KhzRocketL,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleYoung2KhzClub,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleYoung2KhzKnife,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleYoung2KhzBat,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleYoung2KhzMachete,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleYoung2KhzAxe,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleYoung2KhzSpear,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleYoung2KhzPipePistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleYoung2KhzPipeRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleYoung2KhzPipeMG,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleYoung2KhzPipeShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleYoung2KhzSMG,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleYoung2KhzM60,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleYoung2KhzPistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleYoung2KhzDPistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleYoung2KhzAK47,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleYoung2KhzTRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleYoung2KhzHRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleYoung2KhzSRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleYoung2KhzPShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleYoung2KhzAShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleYoung2KhzLBow,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleYoung2KhzXBow,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleYoung2KhzRocketL,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleYoung3KhzClub,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleYoung3KhzKnife,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleYoung3KhzBat,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleYoung3KhzMachete,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleYoung3KhzAxe,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleYoung3KhzSpear,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleYoung3KhzPipePistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleYoung3KhzPipeRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleYoung3KhzPipeMG,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleYoung3KhzPipeShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleYoung3KhzSMG,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleYoung3KhzM60,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleYoung3KhzPistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleYoung3KhzDPistol,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleYoung3KhzAK47,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleYoung3KhzTRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleYoung3KhzHRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleYoung3KhzSRifle,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleYoung3KhzPShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleYoung3KhzAShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleYoung3KhzLBow,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleYoung3KhzXBow,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil
civilianBanditMaleYoung3KhzRocketL,entityclasses,Entity,,,Civilian Bandit,,Ziviler Banditen,Bandido civil,Bandit civil,Bandit civile,民間盗賊,민간인 산적,Cywilny bandyta,Bandido civil,Гражданский бандидит,Sivil haydut,平民匪徒,平民匪徒,Bandido civil