Key,Source,Context,Changes,English,NoTranslate
tableSaw_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Table Saw",
tableSaw_LtDDesc,blocks,block,new,,
oldWoodDoor_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Wood Door",
oldWoodDoorDouble_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Wood Double Door",
ironDoorWhite_LtD,blocks,block,new,"White Iron Door",
ironDoorBrown_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Brown Iron Door",
ironDoorRed_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Red Iron Door",
ironDoorOrange_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Orange Iron Door",
ironDoorYellow_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Yellow Iron Door",
ironDoorGreen_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Green Iron Door",
ironDoorBlue_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Blue Iron Door",
ironDoorPurple_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Purple Iron Door",
ironDoorGrey_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Grey Iron Door",
ironDoorBlack_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Black Iron Door",
ironDoorPink_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Pink Iron Door",
ironDoorArmyGreen_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Army Green Iron Door",
ironDoorBlockVariantHelper_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Iron Door",
ironDoorDoubleWhite_LtD,blocks,block,new,"White Iron Door Double",
ironDoorDoubleBrown_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Brown Iron Door Double",
ironDoorDoubleRed_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Red Iron Door Double",
ironDoorDoubleOrange_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Orange Iron Door Double",
ironDoorDoubleYellow_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Yellow Iron Door Double",
ironDoorDoubleGreen_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Green Iron Door Double",
ironDoorDoubleBlue_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Blue Iron Door Double",
ironDoorDoublePurple_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Purple Iron Door Double",
ironDoorDoubleGrey_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Grey Iron Door Double",
ironDoorDoubleBlack_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Black Iron Door Double",
ironDoorDoublePink_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Pink Iron Door Double",
ironDoorDoubleArmyGreen_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Army Green Iron Door Double",
ironDoorDoubleBlockVariantHelper_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Iron Door Double",
cellarDoorDoubleWood_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Wood Cellar Door",
cellarDoorDoubleWood_LtDDesc,blocks,block,new,"Press & hold [action:local:Activate][action:permanent:Activate] to lock it or set a combination. Repair with wood and a construction tool using the secondary action. Upgrade to an Iron Cellar Door using a crafted Iron Cellar Door.",
cellarDoorDoubleIron_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Iron Cellar Door",
cellarDoorDoubleIron_LtDDesc,blocks,block,new,"Press & hold [action:local:Activate][action:permanent:Activate] to lock it or set a combination. Repair with Forged Iron and a construction tool using the secondary action. Upgrade to a Steel Cellar Door using a crafted Steel Cellar Door.",
cellarDoorDoubleSteel_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Steel Cellar Door",
cellarDoorDoubleSteel_LtDDesc,blocks,block,new,"Press & hold [action:local:Activate][action:permanent:Activate] to lock it or set a combination. Repair with Forged Steel and a construction tool using the secondary action.",
shuttersWood01_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Wood Shutters Inside",
shuttersWood02_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Wood Shutters Outside",
shuttersWoodBlockVariantHelper_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Wood Shutters",
shuttersIron01_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Iron Shutters Inside",
shuttersIron02_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Iron Shutters Outside",
shuttersIronBlockVariantHelper_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Iron Shutters",
shuttersSteel01_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Steel Shutters Inside",
shuttersSteel02_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Steel Shutters Outside",
shuttersSteelBlockVariantHelper_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Steel Shutters",
exteriorHouseDoorWhite_LtD,blocks,block,new,"White Exterior House Door",
exteriorHouseDoorBrown_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Brown Exterior House Door",
exteriorHouseDoorRed_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Red Exterior House Door",
exteriorHouseDoorOrange_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Orange Exterior House Door",
exteriorHouseDoorYellow_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Yellow Exterior House Door",
exteriorHouseDoorGreen_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Green Exterior House Door",
exteriorHouseDoorBlue_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Blue Exterior House Door",
exteriorHouseDoorPurple_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Purple Exterior House Door",
exteriorHouseDoorGrey_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Grey Exterior House Door",
exteriorHouseDoorPink_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Pink Exterior House Door",
exteriorHouseDoorOak_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Oak Exterior House Door",
exteriorHouseDoorBlockVariantHelper_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Exterior House Door",
exteriorHouseDoorDoubleWhite_LtD,blocks,block,new,"White Exterior House Double Door",
exteriorHouseDoorDoubleBrown_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Brown Exterior House Double Door",
exteriorHouseDoorDoubleRed_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Red Exterior House Double Door",
exteriorHouseDoorDoubleOrange_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Orange Exterior House Double Door",
exteriorHouseDoorDoubleYellow_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Yellow Exterior House Double Door",
exteriorHouseDoorDoubleGreen_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Green Exterior House Double Door",
exteriorHouseDoorDoubleBlue_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Blue Exterior House Double Door",
exteriorHouseDoorDoublePurple_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Purple Exterior House Double Door",
exteriorHouseDoorDoubleGrey_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Grey Exterior House Double Door",
exteriorHouseDoorDoublePink_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Pink Exterior House Double Door",
exteriorHouseDoorDoubleOak_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Oak Exterior House Double Door",
exteriorHouseDoorDoubleBlockVariantHelper_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Exterior House Double Door",
exteriorHouseDoorSideLightSingleWhite_LtD,blocks,block,new,"White Exterior House Side Light Single Door",
exteriorHouseDoorSideLightSingleBrown_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Brown Exterior House Side Light Single Door",
exteriorHouseDoorSideLightSingleRed_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Red Exterior House Side Light Single Door",
exteriorHouseDoorSideLightSingleOrange_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Orange Exterior House Side Light Single Door",
exteriorHouseDoorSideLightSingleYellow_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Yellow Exterior House Side Light Single Door",
exteriorHouseDoorSideLightSingleGreen_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Green Exterior House Side Light Single Door",
exteriorHouseDoorSideLightSingleBlue_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Blue Exterior House Side Light Single Door",
exteriorHouseDoorSideLightSinglePurple_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Purple Exterior House Side Light Single Door",
exteriorHouseDoorSideLightSingleGrey_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Grey Exterior House Side Light Single Door",
exteriorHouseDoorSideLightSinglePink_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Pink Exterior House Side Light Single Door",
exteriorHouseDoorSideLightSingleOak_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Oak Exterior House Side Light Single Door",
exteriorHouseDoorSideLightSingleBlockVariantHelper_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Exterior House Side Light Single Door",
exteriorHouseDoorSideLightWhite_LtD,blocks,block,new,"White Exterior House Side Light Door",
exteriorHouseDoorSideLightBrown_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Brown Exterior House Side Light Door",
exteriorHouseDoorSideLightRed_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Red Exterior House Side Light Door",
exteriorHouseDoorSideLightOrange_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Orange Exterior House Side Light Door",
exteriorHouseDoorSideLightYellow_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Yellow Exterior House Side Light Door",
exteriorHouseDoorSideLightGreen_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Green Exterior House Side Light Door",
exteriorHouseDoorSideLightBlue_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Blue Exterior House Side Light Door",
exteriorHouseDoorSideLightPurple_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Purple Exterior House Side Light Door",
exteriorHouseDoorSideLightGrey_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Grey Exterior House Side Light Door",
exteriorHouseDoorSideLightPink_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Pink Exterior House Side Light Door",
exteriorHouseDoorSideLightOak_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Oak Exterior House Side Light Door",
exteriorHouseDoorSideLightBlockVariantHelper_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Exterior House Side Light Door",
exteriorHouseDoorOldWhite_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Old White Exterior House Door",
exteriorHouseDoorOldBrown_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Old Brown Exterior House Door",
exteriorHouseDoorOldRed_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Old Red Exterior House Door",
exteriorHouseDoorOldOrange_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Old Orange Exterior House Door",
exteriorHouseDoorOldYellow_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Old Yellow Exterior House Door",
exteriorHouseDoorOldGreen_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Old Green Exterior House Door",
exteriorHouseDoorOldBlue_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Old Blue Exterior House Door",
exteriorHouseDoorOldPurple_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Old Purple Exterior House Door",
exteriorHouseDoorOldGrey_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Old Grey Exterior House Door",
exteriorHouseDoorOldPink_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Old Pink Exterior House Door",
exteriorHouseDoorOldOak_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Old Oak Exterior House Door",
exteriorHouseDoorOldBlockVariantHelper_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Old Exterior House Door",
exteriorHouseDoorDoubleOldWhite_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Old White Exterior House Double Door",
exteriorHouseDoorDoubleOldBrown_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Old Brown Exterior House Double Door",
exteriorHouseDoorDoubleOldRed_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Old Red Exterior House Double Door",
exteriorHouseDoorDoubleOldOrange_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Old Orange Exterior House Double Door",
exteriorHouseDoorDoubleOldYellow_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Old Yellow Exterior House Double Door",
exteriorHouseDoorDoubleOldGreen_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Old Green Exterior House Double Door",
exteriorHouseDoorDoubleOldBlue_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Old Blue Exterior House Double Door",
exteriorHouseDoorDoubleOldPurple_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Old Purple Exterior House Double Door",
exteriorHouseDoorDoubleOldGrey_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Old Grey Exterior House Double Door",
exteriorHouseDoorDoubleOldPink_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Old Pink Exterior House Double Door",
exteriorHouseDoorDoubleOldOak_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Old Oak Exterior House Double Door",
exteriorHouseDoorDoubleOldBlockVariantHelper_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Old Exterior House Double Door",
exteriorScreenDoor_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Exterior Screen Door",
houseSlidingDoorWhite_LtD,blocks,block,new,"White House Sliding Door",
houseSlidingDoorBlack_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Black House Sliding Door",
houseSlidingDoorBlockVariantHelper_LtD,blocks,block,new,"House Sliding Door",
frenchDoorWhite_LtD,blocks,block,new,"White French Door",
frenchDoorBrown_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Brown French Door",
frenchDoorRed_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Red French Door",
frenchDoorOrange_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Orange French Door",
frenchDoorYellow_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Yellow French Door",
frenchDoorGreen_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Green French Door",
frenchDoorBlue_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Blue French Door",
frenchDoorPurple_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Purple French Door",
frenchDoorGrey_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Grey French Door",
frenchDoorPink_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Pink French Door",
frenchDoorOak_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Oak French Door",
frenchDoorBlockVariantHelper_LtD,blocks,block,new,"French Door",
frenchDoorDoubleWhite_LtD,blocks,block,new,"White French Double Door",
frenchDoorDoubleBrown_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Brown French Double Door",
frenchDoorDoubleRed_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Red French Double Door",
frenchDoorDoubleOrange_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Orange French Double Door",
frenchDoorDoubleYellow_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Yellow French Double Door",
frenchDoorDoubleGreen_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Green French Double Door",
frenchDoorDoubleBlue_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Blue French Double Door",
frenchDoorDoublePurple_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Purple French Double Door",
frenchDoorDoubleGrey_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Grey French Double Door",
frenchDoorDoublePink_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Pink French Double Door",
frenchDoorDoubleOak_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Oak French Double Door",
frenchDoorDoubleBlockVariantHelper_LtD,blocks,block,new,"French Double Door",
interiorHouseDoorWhite_LtD,blocks,block,new,"White Interior House Door",
interiorHouseDoorBrown_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Brown Interior House Door",
interiorHouseDoorRed_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Red Interior House Door",
interiorHouseDoorOrange_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Orange Interior House Door",
interiorHouseDoorYellow_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Yellow Interior House Door",
interiorHouseDoorGreen_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Green Interior House Door",
interiorHouseDoorBlue_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Blue Interior House Door",
interiorHouseDoorPurple_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Purple Interior House Door",
interiorHouseDoorGrey_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Grey Interior House Door",
interiorHouseDoorPink_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Pink Interior House Door",
interiorHouseDoorOak_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Oak Interior House Door",
interiorHouseDoorBlockVariantHelper_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Interior House Door",
interiorHouseDoorDoubleWhite_LtD,blocks,block,new,"White Interior House Double Door",
interiorHouseDoorDoubleBrown_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Brown Interior House Double Door",
interiorHouseDoorDoubleRed_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Red Interior House Double Door",
interiorHouseDoorDoubleOrange_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Orange Interior House Double Door",
interiorHouseDoorDoubleYellow_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Yellow Interior House Double Door",
interiorHouseDoorDoubleGreen_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Green Interior House Double Door",
interiorHouseDoorDoubleBlue_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Blue Interior House Double Door",
interiorHouseDoorDoublePurple_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Purple Interior House Double Door",
interiorHouseDoorDoubleGrey_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Grey Interior House Double Door",
interiorHouseDoorDoublePink_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Pink Interior House Double Door",
interiorHouseDoorDoubleOak_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Oak Interior House Double Door",
interiorHouseDoorDoubleBlockVariantHelper_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Interior House Double Door",
interiorDoorOldWhite_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Old White Interior Door",
interiorDoorOldBrown_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Old Brown Interior Door",
interiorDoorOldRed_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Old Red Interior Door",
interiorDoorOldOrange_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Old Orange Interior Door",
interiorDoorOldYellow_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Old Yellow Interior Door",
interiorDoorOldGreen_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Old Green Interior Door",
interiorDoorOldBlue_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Old Blue Interior Door",
interiorDoorOldPurple_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Old Purple Interior Door",
interiorDoorOldGrey_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Old Grey Interior Door",
interiorDoorOldPink_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Old Pink Interior Door",
interiorDoorOldOak_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Old Oak Interior Door",
interiorDoorOldBlockVariantHelper_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Old Interior Door",
interiorDoorOldDoubleWhite_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Old White Interior Double Door",
interiorDoorOldDoubleBrown_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Old Brown Interior Double Door",
interiorDoorOldDoubleRed_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Old Red Interior Double Door",
interiorDoorOldDoubleOrange_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Old Orange Interior Double Door",
interiorDoorOldDoubleYellow_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Old Yellow Interior Double Door",
interiorDoorOldDoubleGreen_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Old Green Interior Double Door",
interiorDoorOldDoubleBlue_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Old Blue Interior Double Door",
interiorDoorOldDoublePurple_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Old Purple Interior Double Door",
interiorDoorOldDoubleGrey_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Old Grey Interior Double Door",
interiorDoorOldDoublePink_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Old Pink Interior Double Door",
interiorDoorOldDoubleOak_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Old Oak Interior Double Door",
interiorDoorOldDoubleBlockVariantHelper_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Old Interior Double Door",
closetDoorWhite_LtD,blocks,block,new,"White Closet Door",
closetDoorBrown_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Brown Closet Door",
closetDoorRed_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Red Closet Door",
closetDoorOrange_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Orange Closet Door",
closetDoorYellow_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Yellow Closet Door",
closetDoorGreen_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Green Closet Door",
closetDoorBlue_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Blue Closet Door",
closetDoorPurple_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Purple Closet Door",
closetDoorGrey_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Grey Closet Door",
closetDoorPink_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Pink Closet Door",
closetDoorBlockVariantHelper_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Closet Door",
closetDoorDoubleWhite_LtD,blocks,block,new,"White Closet Double Door",
closetDoorDoubleBrown_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Brown Closet Double Door",
closetDoorDoubleRed_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Red Closet Double Door",
closetDoorDoubleOrange_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Orange Closet Double Door",
closetDoorDoubleYellow_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Yellow Closet Double Door",
closetDoorDoubleGreen_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Green Closet Double Door",
closetDoorDoubleBlue_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Blue Closet Double Door",
closetDoorDoublePurple_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Purple Closet Double Door",
closetDoorDoubleGrey_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Grey Closet Double Door",
closetDoorDoublePink_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Pink Closet Double Door",
closetDoorDoubleBlockVariantHelper_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Closet Double Door",
pantryDoorWhite_LtD,blocks,block,new,"White Pantry Door",
pantryDoorBrown_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Brown Pantry Door",
pantryDoorRed_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Red Pantry Door",
pantryDoorOrange_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Orange Pantry Door",
pantryDoorYellow_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Yellow Pantry Door",
pantryDoorGreen_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Green Pantry Door",
pantryDoorBlue_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Blue Pantry Door",
pantryDoorPurple_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Purple Pantry Door",
pantryDoorGrey_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Grey Pantry Door",
pantryDoorPink_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Pink Pantry Door",
pantryDoorBlockVariantHelper_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Pantry Door",
commercialGlassDoor_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Commercial Glass Door",
commercialGlassDoorDouble_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Commercial Glass Door Double",
commercialSlidingDoor_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Commercial Sliding Door",
commercialBulletproofGlassDoor_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Commercial Bulletproof Glass Door",
commercialBulletproofGlassDoorDouble_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Commercial Bulletproof Glass Door Double",
commercialBulletproofSlidingDoor_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Commercial Bulletproof Sliding Door",
commercialDoorV1White_LtD,blocks,block,new,"White Commercial Door V1",
commercialDoorV1Brown_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Brown Commercial Door V1",
commercialDoorV1Red_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Red Commercial Door V1",
commercialDoorV1Orange_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Orange Commercial Door V1",
commercialDoorV1Yellow_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Yellow Commercial Door V1",
commercialDoorV1Green_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Green Commercial Door V1",
commercialDoorV1Blue_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Blue Commercial Door V1",
commercialDoorV1Purple_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Purple Commercial Door V1",
commercialDoorV1Grey_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Grey Commercial Door V1",
commercialDoorV1Pink_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Pink Commercial Door V1",
commercialDoorV1Oak_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Oak Commercial Door V1",
commercialDoorV1BlockVariantHelper_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Commercial Door V1",
commercialDoorDoubleV1White_LtD,blocks,block,new,"White Commercial Double Door V1",
commercialDoorDoubleV1Brown_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Brown Commercial Double Door V1",
commercialDoorDoubleV1Red_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Red Commercial Double Door V1",
commercialDoorDoubleV1Orange_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Orange Commercial Double Door V1",
commercialDoorDoubleV1Yellow_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Yellow Commercial Double Door V1",
commercialDoorDoubleV1Green_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Green Commercial Double Door V1",
commercialDoorDoubleV1Blue_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Blue Commercial Double Door V1",
commercialDoorDoubleV1Purple_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Purple Commercial Double Door V1",
commercialDoorDoubleV1Grey_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Grey Commercial Double Door V1",
commercialDoorDoubleV1Pink_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Pink Commercial Double Door V1",
commercialDoorDoubleV1Oak_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Oak Commercial Double Door V1",
commercialDoorDoubleV1BlockVariantHelper_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Commercial Double Door V1",
commercialDoorV2White_LtD,blocks,block,new,"White Commercial Door V2",
commercialDoorV2Brown_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Brown Commercial Door V2",
commercialDoorV2Red_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Red Commercial Door V2",
commercialDoorV2Orange_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Orange Commercial Door V2",
commercialDoorV2Yellow_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Yellow Commercial Door V2",
commercialDoorV2Green_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Green Commercial Door V2",
commercialDoorV2Blue_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Blue Commercial Door V2",
commercialDoorV2Purple_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Purple Commercial Door V2",
commercialDoorV2Grey_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Grey Commercial Door V2",
commercialDoorV2Pink_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Pink Commercial Door V2",
commercialDoorV2Oak_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Oak Commercial Door V2",
commercialDoorV2BlockVariantHelper_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Commercial Door V2",
commercialDoorDoubleV2White_LtD,blocks,block,new,"White Commercial Double Door V2",
commercialDoorDoubleV2Brown_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Brown Commercial Double Door V2",
commercialDoorDoubleV2Red_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Red Commercial Double Door V2",
commercialDoorDoubleV2Orange_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Orange Commercial Double Door V2",
commercialDoorDoubleV2Yellow_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Yellow Commercial Double Door V2",
commercialDoorDoubleV2Green_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Green Commercial Double Door V2",
commercialDoorDoubleV2Blue_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Blue Commercial Double Door V2",
commercialDoorDoubleV2Purple_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Purple Commercial Double Door V2",
commercialDoorDoubleV2Grey_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Grey Commercial Double Door V2",
commercialDoorDoubleV2Pink_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Pink Commercial Double Door V2",
commercialDoorDoubleV2Oak_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Oak Commercial Double Door V2",
commercialDoorDoubleV2BlockVariantHelper_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Commercial Double Door V2",
commercialDoorV3White_LtD,blocks,block,new,"White Commercial Door V3",
commercialDoorV3Brown_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Brown Commercial Door V3",
commercialDoorV3Red_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Red Commercial Door V3",
commercialDoorV3Orange_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Orange Commercial Door V3",
commercialDoorV3Yellow_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Yellow Commercial Door V3",
commercialDoorV3Green_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Green Commercial Door V3",
commercialDoorV3Blue_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Blue Commercial Door V3",
commercialDoorV3Purple_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Purple Commercial Door V3",
commercialDoorV3Grey_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Grey Commercial Door V3",
commercialDoorV3Pink_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Pink Commercial Door V3",
commercialDoorV3Oak_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Oak Commercial Door V3",
commercialDoorV3BlockVariantHelper_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Commercial Door V3",
commercialDoorDoubleV3White_LtD,blocks,block,new,"White Commercial Double Door V3",
commercialDoorDoubleV3Brown_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Brown Commercial Double Door V3",
commercialDoorDoubleV3Red_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Red Commercial Double Door V3",
commercialDoorDoubleV3Orange_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Orange Commercial Double Door V3",
commercialDoorDoubleV3Yellow_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Yellow Commercial Double Door V3",
commercialDoorDoubleV3Green_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Green Commercial Double Door V3",
commercialDoorDoubleV3Blue_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Blue Commercial Double Door V3",
commercialDoorDoubleV3Purple_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Purple Commercial Double Door V3",
commercialDoorDoubleV3Grey_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Grey Commercial Double Door V3",
commercialDoorDoubleV3Pink_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Pink Commercial Double Door V3",
commercialDoorDoubleV3Oak_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Oak Commercial Double Door V3",
commercialDoorDoubleV3BlockVariantHelper_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Commercial Double Door V3",
commercialDoorV4White_LtD,blocks,block,new,"White Commercial Door V4",
commercialDoorV4Brown_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Brown Commercial Door V4",
commercialDoorV4Red_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Red Commercial Door V4",
commercialDoorV4Orange_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Orange Commercial Door V4",
commercialDoorV4Yellow_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Yellow Commercial Door V4",
commercialDoorV4Green_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Green Commercial Door V4",
commercialDoorV4Blue_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Blue Commercial Door V4",
commercialDoorV4Purple_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Purple Commercial Door V4",
commercialDoorV4Grey_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Grey Commercial Door V4",
commercialDoorV4Pink_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Pink Commercial Door V4",
commercialDoorV4Oak_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Oak Commercial Door V4",
commercialDoorV4BlockVariantHelper_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Commercial Door V4",
commercialDoorDoubleV4White_LtD,blocks,block,new,"White Commercial Double Door V4",
commercialDoorDoubleV4Brown_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Brown Commercial Double Door V4",
commercialDoorDoubleV4Red_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Red Commercial Double Door V4",
commercialDoorDoubleV4Orange_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Orange Commercial Double Door V4",
commercialDoorDoubleV4Yellow_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Yellow Commercial Double Door V4",
commercialDoorDoubleV4Green_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Green Commercial Double Door V4",
commercialDoorDoubleV4Blue_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Blue Commercial Double Door V4",
commercialDoorDoubleV4Purple_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Purple Commercial Double Door V4",
commercialDoorDoubleV4Grey_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Grey Commercial Double Door V4",
commercialDoorDoubleV4Pink_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Pink Commercial Double Door V4",
commercialDoorDoubleV4Oak_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Oak Commercial Double Door V4",
commercialDoorDoubleV4BlockVariantHelper_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Commercial Double Door V4",
elevatorDoor_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Elevator Door",
elevatorDoorTenthBlock_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Elevator Door (Centered)",
elevatorDoorDouble_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Elevator Double Door",
elevatorDoor_Powered_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Elevator Door (Powered)",
elevatorDoorTenthBlock_Powered_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Elevator Door Centered (Powered)",
elevatorDoorDouble_Powered_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Elevator Double Door (Powered)",
jailBarsWhite_LtD,blocks,block,new,"White Jail Bars",
jailBarsBrown_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Brown Jail Bars",
jailBarsRed_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Red Jail Bars",
jailBarsOrange_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Orange Jail Bars",
jailBarsYellow_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Yellow Jail Bars",
jailBarsGreen_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Green Jail Bars",
jailBarsBlue_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Blue Jail Bars",
jailBarsPurple_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Purple Jail Bars",
jailBarsGrey_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Grey Jail Bars",
jailBarsBlack_LtD,blocks,block,new"Black Jail Bars",
jailBarsBlockVariantHelper_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Jail Bars",
jailDoorWhite_LtD,blocks,block,new,"White Jail Door",
jailDoorBrown_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Brown Jail Door",
jailDoorRed_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Red Jail Door",
jailDoorOrange_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Orange Jail Door",
jailDoorYellow_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Yellow Jail Door",
jailDoorGreen_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Green Jail Door",
jailDoorBlue_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Blue Jail Door",
jailDoorPurple_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Purple Jail Door",
jailDoorGrey_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Grey Jail Door",
jailDoorBlack_LtD,blocks,block,new"Black Jail Door",
jailDoorBlockVariantHelper_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Jail Door",
jailDoorDoubleWhite_LtD,blocks,block,new,"White Jail Double Door",
jailDoorDoubleBrown_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Brown Jail Double Door",
jailDoorDoubleRed_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Red Jail Double Door",
jailDoorDoubleOrange_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Orange Jail Double Door",
jailDoorDoubleYellow_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Yellow Jail Double Door",
jailDoorDoubleGreen_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Green Jail Double Door",
jailDoorDoubleBlue_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Blue Jail Double Door",
jailDoorDoublePurple_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Purple Jail Double Door",
jailDoorDoubleGrey_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Grey Jail Double Door",
jailDoorDoubleBlack_LtD,blocks,block,new"Black Jail Double Door",
jailDoorDoubleBlockVariantHelper_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Jail Double Door",
jailDoor_PoweredWhite_LtD,blocks,block,new,"White Jail Door (Powered)",
jailDoor_PoweredBrown_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Brown Jail Door (Powered)",
jailDoor_PoweredRed_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Red Jail Door (Powered)",
jailDoor_PoweredOrange_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Orange Jail Door (Powered)",
jailDoor_PoweredYellow_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Yellow Jail Door (Powered)",
jailDoor_PoweredGreen_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Green Jail Door (Powered)",
jailDoor_PoweredBlue_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Blue Jail Door (Powered)",
jailDoor_PoweredPurple_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Purple Jail Door (Powered)",
jailDoor_PoweredGrey_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Grey Jail Door (Powered)",
jailDoor_PoweredBlack_LtD,blocks,block,new"Black Jail Door (Powered)",
jailDoor_PoweredBlockVariantHelper_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Jail Door (Powered)",
jailDoorDouble_PoweredWhite_LtD,blocks,block,new,"White Jail Double Door (Powered)",
jailDoorDouble_PoweredBrown_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Brown Jail Double Door (Powered)",
jailDoorDouble_PoweredRed_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Red Jail Double Door (Powered)",
jailDoorDouble_PoweredOrange_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Orange Jail Double Door (Powered)",
jailDoorDouble_PoweredYellow_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Yellow Jail Double Door (Powered)",
jailDoorDouble_PoweredGreen_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Green Jail Double Door (Powered)",
jailDoorDouble_PoweredBlue_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Blue Jail Double Door (Powered)",
jailDoorDouble_PoweredPurple_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Purple Jail Double Door (Powered)",
jailDoorDouble_PoweredGrey_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Grey Jail Double Door (Powered)",
jailDoorDouble_PoweredBlack_LtD,blocks,block,new"Black Jail Double Door (Powered)",
jailDoorDouble_PoweredBlockVariantHelper_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Jail Double Door (Powered)",
woodenFenceDoorWhite_LtD,blocks,block,new,"White Wooden Fence Door",
woodenFenceDoorBrown_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Brown Wooden Fence Door",
woodenFenceDoorRed_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Red Wooden Fence Door",
woodenFenceDoorOrange_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Orange Wooden Fence Door",
woodenFenceDoorYellow_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Yellow Wooden Fence Door",
woodenFenceDoorGreen_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Green Wooden Fence Door",
woodenFenceDoorBlue_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Blue Wooden Fence Door",
woodenFenceDoorPurple_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Purple Wooden Fence Door",
woodenFenceDoorGrey_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Grey Wooden Fence Door",
woodenFenceDoorPink_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Pink Wooden Fence Door",
woodenFenceDoorBlockVariantHelper_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Wooden Fence Door",
chainlinkFenceDoor_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Chain Link Door",
chainlinkFenceDoorDouble_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Chain Link Double Door",
chainlinkGateDouble_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Chain Link Double Gate (3x2)",
chainlinkGateDoubleWide_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Chain Link Double Gate Wide (4x3)",
chainlinkFencePole_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Chain Link Pole Right",
chainlinkFencePole02_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Chain Link Pole Left",
chainlinkFencePole03_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Chain Link Pole Corner",
chainlinkFenceBottomRail_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Chain Link Bottom Rail",
chainlinkFenceBottomRailPoleLeft_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Chain Link Bottom Rail Pole Left",
chainlinkFenceBottomRailPoleRight_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Chain Link Bottom Rail Pole Right",
chainlinkFenceBottomRailPoleCorner_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Chain Link Bottom Rail Pole Corner",
chainlinkFenceMiddleRail_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Chain Link Middle Rail",
chainlinkFenceMiddleRailPoleLeft_LtD,blocks,block,new"Chain Link Middle Rail Pole Left",
chainlinkFenceMiddleRailPoleRight_LtD,blocks,block,new"Chain Link Middle Rail Pole Right",
chainlinkFenceMiddleRailPoleCorner_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Chain Link Middle Rail Pole Corner",
chainlinkFenceTopRail_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Chain Link Top Rail",
chainlinkFenceTopRailBridge_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Chain Link Top Rail Bridge",
chainlinkFenceTopRailPoleLeft_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Chain Link Top Rail Pole Left",
chainlinkFenceTopRailPoleRight_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Chain Link Top Rail Pole Right",
chainlinkFenceTopRailCorner_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Chain Link Top Rail Corner",
chainlinkFenceBottomPlain_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Chain Link Bottom Plain",
chainlinkFenceBottomPlainPoleLeft_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Chain Link Bottom Plain Pole Left",
chainlinkFenceBottomPlainPoleRight_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Chain Link Bottom Plain Pole Right",
chainlinkFenceBottomPlainCorner_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Chain Link Bottom Plain Corner",
chainlinkFenceTopPlainRail_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Chain Link Top Plain Rail",
chainlinkFenceTopPlainPoleLeft_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Chain Link Top Plain Pole Left",
chainlinkFenceTopPlainPoleRight_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Chain Link Top Plain Pole Right",
chainlinkFenceTopPlainCorner_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Chain Link Top Plain Corner",
barbedWireSheet_LtD,blocks,Trap,new,"Barbed Wire",
barbedWireSheet_LtDDesc,blocks,Trap,new,"Barbed wire made from iron can slow down enemies, making them easier to deal with. Place it by using the secondary action.",
barbedWireSpindle1m_LtD,blocks,Trap,new,"Barbed Wire Spindle",
barbedWireSpindle1m_LtDDesc,blocks,Trap,new,"Barbed wire made from iron can slow down enemies, making them easier to deal with. Place it by using the secondary action.",
barbedWireSpindleDiagonal1m_LtD,blocks,Trap,new,"Barbed Wire Spindle Corner",
barbedWireSpindleDiagonal1m_LtDDesc,blocks,Trap,new,"Barbed wire made from iron can slow down enemies, making them easier to deal with. Place it by using the secondary action.",
metalFenceRailingTrellisSheetBlockVariantHelper_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Metal Fences, Railings, and BarbedWire",
woodHatch_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Wood Hatch",
ironHatchWhite_LtD,blocks,block,new,"White Iron Hatch",
ironHatchBrown_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Brown Iron Hatch",
ironHatchRed_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Red Iron Hatch",
ironHatchOrange_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Orange Iron Hatch",
ironHatchYellow_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Yellow Iron Hatch",
ironHatchGreen_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Green Iron Hatch",
ironHatchBlue_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Blue Iron Hatch",
ironHatchPurple_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Purple Iron Hatch",
ironHatchGrey_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Grey Iron Hatch",
ironHatchBlack_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Black Iron Hatch",
ironHatchPink_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Pink Iron Hatch",
ironHatchBlockVariantHelper_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Iron Hatch",
ironGarageDoorWhite_LtD,blocks,block,new,"White Iron Garage Door 3x2",
ironGarageDoorBrown_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Brown Iron Garage Door 3x2",
ironGarageDoorRed_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Red Iron Garage Door 3x2",
ironGarageDoorOrange_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Orange Iron Garage Door 3x2",
ironGarageDoorYellow_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Yellow Iron Garage Door 3x2",
ironGarageDoorGreen_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Green Iron Garage Door 3x2",
ironGarageDoorBlue_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Blue Iron Garage Door 3x2",
ironGarageDoorPurple_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Purple Iron Garage Door 3x2",
ironGarageDoorGrey_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Grey Iron Garage Door 3x2",
ironGarageDoorBlack_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Black Iron Garage Door 3x2",
ironGarageDoorPink_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Pink Iron Garage Door 3x2",
ironGarageDoorArmyGreen_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Army Green Iron Garage Door 3x2",
ironGarageDoorBlockVariantHelper_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Iron Garage Door 3x2",
ironGarageDoor_PoweredWhite_LtD,blocks,block,new,"White Iron Garage Door 3x2 (Powered)",
ironGarageDoor_PoweredBrown_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Brown Iron Garage Door 3x2 (Powered)",
ironGarageDoor_PoweredRed_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Red Iron Garage Door 3x2 (Powered)",
ironGarageDoor_PoweredOrange_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Orange Iron Garage Door 3x2 (Powered)",
ironGarageDoor_PoweredYellow_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Yellow Iron Garage Door 3x2 (Powered)",
ironGarageDoor_PoweredGreen_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Green Iron Garage Door 3x2 (Powered)",
ironGarageDoor_PoweredBlue_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Blue Iron Garage Door 3x2 (Powered)",
ironGarageDoor_PoweredPurple_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Purple Iron Garage Door 3x2 (Powered)",
ironGarageDoor_PoweredGrey_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Grey Iron Garage Door 3x2 (Powered)",
ironGarageDoor_PoweredBlack_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Black Iron Garage Door 3x2 (Powered)",
ironGarageDoor_PoweredPink_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Pink Iron Garage Door 3x2 (Powered)",
ironGarageDoor_PoweredArmyGreen_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Army Green Iron Garage Door 3x2 (Powered)",
ironGarageDoor_PoweredBlockVariantHelper_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Iron Garage Door 3x2 (Powered)",
woodenGarageDoor3x3White_LtD,blocks,block,new,"White Wooden Garage Door 3x3",
woodenGarageDoor3x3Brown_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Brown Wooden Garage Door 3x3",
woodenGarageDoor3x3Red_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Red Wooden Garage Door 3x3",
woodenGarageDoor3x3Orange_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Orange Wooden Garage Door 3x3",
woodenGarageDoor3x3Yellow_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Yellow Wooden Garage Door 3x3",
woodenGarageDoor3x3Green_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Green Wooden Garage Door 3x3",
woodenGarageDoor3x3Blue_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Blue Wooden Garage Door 3x3",
woodenGarageDoor3x3Grey_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Grey Wooden Garage Door 3x3",
woodenGarageDoor3x3Oak_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Oak Wooden Garage Door 3x3",
woodenGarageDoor3x3BlockVariantHelper_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Wooden Garage Door 3x3",
woodenGarageDoor3x3_PoweredWhite_LtD,blocks,block,new,"White Wooden Garage Door 3x3 (Powered)",
woodenGarageDoor3x3_PoweredBrown_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Brown Wooden Garage Door 3x3 (Powered)",
woodenGarageDoor3x3_PoweredRed_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Red Wooden Garage Door 3x3 (Powered)",
woodenGarageDoor3x3_PoweredOrange_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Orange Wooden Garage Door 3x3 (Powered)",
woodenGarageDoor3x3_PoweredYellow_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Yellow Wooden Garage Door 3x3 (Powered)",
woodenGarageDoor3x3_PoweredGreen_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Green Wooden Garage Door 3x3 (Powered)",
woodenGarageDoor3x3_PoweredBlue_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Blue Wooden Garage Door 3x3 (Powered)",
woodenGarageDoor3x3_PoweredGrey_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Grey Wooden Garage Door 3x3 (Powered)",
woodenGarageDoor3x3_PoweredOak_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Oak Wooden Garage Door 3x3 (Powered)",
woodenGarageDoor3x3_PoweredBlockVariantHelper_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Wooden Garage Door 3x3 (Powered)",
woodenGarageDoor4x3White_LtD,blocks,block,new,"White Wooden Garage Door 4x3",
woodenGarageDoor4x3Brown_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Brown Wooden Garage Door 4x3",
woodenGarageDoor4x3Red_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Red Wooden Garage Door 4x3",
woodenGarageDoor4x3Orange_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Orange Wooden Garage Door 4x3",
woodenGarageDoor4x3Yellow_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Yellow Wooden Garage Door 4x3",
woodenGarageDoor4x3Green_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Green Wooden Garage Door 4x3",
woodenGarageDoor4x3Blue_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Blue Wooden Garage Door 4x3",
woodenGarageDoor4x3Grey_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Grey Wooden Garage Door 4x3",
woodenGarageDoor4x3Oak_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Oak Wooden Garage Door 4x3",
woodenGarageDoor4x3BlockVariantHelper_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Wooden Garage Door 4x3",
woodenGarageDoor4x3_PoweredWhite_LtD,blocks,block,new,"White Wooden Garage Door 4x3 (Powered)",
woodenGarageDoor4x3_PoweredBrown_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Brown Wooden Garage Door 4x3 (Powered)",
woodenGarageDoor4x3_PoweredRed_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Red Wooden Garage Door 4x3 (Powered)",
woodenGarageDoor4x3_PoweredOrange_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Orange Wooden Garage Door 4x3 (Powered)",
woodenGarageDoor4x3_PoweredYellow_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Yellow Wooden Garage Door 4x3 (Powered)",
woodenGarageDoor4x3_PoweredGreen_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Green Wooden Garage Door 4x3 (Powered)",
woodenGarageDoor4x3_PoweredBlue_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Blue Wooden Garage Door 4x3 (Powered)",
woodenGarageDoor4x3_PoweredGrey_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Grey Wooden Garage Door 4x3 (Powered)",
woodenGarageDoor4x3_PoweredOak_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Oak Wooden Garage Door 4x3 (Powered)",
woodenGarageDoor4x3_PoweredBlockVariantHelper_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Wooden Garage Door 4x3 (Powered)",
woodenGarageDoor5x3White_LtD,blocks,block,new,"White Wooden Garage Door 5x3",
woodenGarageDoor5x3Brown_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Brown Wooden Garage Door 5x3",
woodenGarageDoor5x3Red_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Red Wooden Garage Door 5x3",
woodenGarageDoor5x3Orange_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Orange Wooden Garage Door 5x3",
woodenGarageDoor5x3Yellow_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Yellow Wooden Garage Door 5x3",
woodenGarageDoor5x3Green_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Green Wooden Garage Door 5x3",
woodenGarageDoor5x3Blue_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Blue Wooden Garage Door 5x3",
woodenGarageDoor5x3Grey_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Grey Wooden Garage Door 5x3",
woodenGarageDoor5x3Oak_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Oak Wooden Garage Door 5x3",
woodenGarageDoor5x3BlockVariantHelper_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Wooden Garage Door 5x3",
woodenGarageDoor5x3_PoweredWhite_LtD,blocks,block,new,"White Wooden Garage Door 5x3 (Powered)",
woodenGarageDoor5x3_PoweredBrown_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Brown Wooden Garage Door 5x3 (Powered)",
woodenGarageDoor5x3_PoweredRed_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Red Wooden Garage Door 5x3 (Powered)",
woodenGarageDoor5x3_PoweredOrange_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Orange Wooden Garage Door 5x3 (Powered)",
woodenGarageDoor5x3_PoweredYellow_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Yellow Wooden Garage Door 5x3 (Powered)",
woodenGarageDoor5x3_PoweredGreen_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Green Wooden Garage Door 5x3 (Powered)",
woodenGarageDoor5x3_PoweredBlue_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Blue Wooden Garage Door 5x3 (Powered)",
woodenGarageDoor5x3_PoweredGrey_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Grey Wooden Garage Door 5x3 (Powered)",
woodenGarageDoor5x3_PoweredOak_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Oak Wooden Garage Door 5x3 (Powered)",
woodenGarageDoor5x3_PoweredBlockVariantHelper_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Wooden Garage Door 5x3 (Powered)",
steelGarageDoor3x3White_LtD,blocks,block,new,"White Steel Garage Door 3x3",
steelGarageDoor3x3Brown_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Brown Steel Garage Door 3x3",
steelGarageDoor3x3Red_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Red Steel Garage Door 3x3",
steelGarageDoor3x3Orange_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Orange Steel Garage Door 3x3",
steelGarageDoor3x3Yellow_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Yellow Steel Garage Door 3x3",
steelGarageDoor3x3Green_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Green Steel Garage Door 3x3",
steelGarageDoor3x3Blue_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Blue Steel Garage Door 3x3",
steelGarageDoor3x3Grey_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Grey Steel Garage Door 3x3",
steelGarageDoor3x3Black_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Black Steel Garage Door 3x3",
steelGarageDoor3x3ArmyGreen_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Army Green Steel Garage Door 3x3",
steelGarageDoor3x3BlockVariantHelper_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Steel Garage Door 3x3",
steelGarageDoor3x3_PoweredWhite_LtD,blocks,block,new,"White Steel Garage Door 3x3 (Powered)",
steelGarageDoor3x3_PoweredBrown_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Brown Steel Garage Door 3x3 (Powered)",
steelGarageDoor3x3_PoweredRed_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Red Steel Garage Door 3x3 (Powered)",
steelGarageDoor3x3_PoweredOrange_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Orange Steel Garage Door 3x3 (Powered)",
steelGarageDoor3x3_PoweredYellow_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Yellow Steel Garage Door 3x3 (Powered)",
steelGarageDoor3x3_PoweredGreen_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Green Steel Garage Door 3x3 (Powered)",
steelGarageDoor3x3_PoweredBlue_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Blue Steel Garage Door 3x3 (Powered)",
steelGarageDoor3x3_PoweredGrey_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Grey Steel Garage Door 3x3 (Powered)",
steelGarageDoor3x3_PoweredBlack_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Black Steel Garage Door 3x3 (Powered)",
steelGarageDoor3x3_PoweredArmyGreen_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Army Green Steel Garage Door 3x3 (Powered)",
steelGarageDoor3x3_PoweredBlockVariantHelper_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Steel Garage Door 3x3 (Powered)",
steelGarageDoor4x3White_LtD,blocks,block,new,"White Steel Garage Door 4x3",
steelGarageDoor4x3Brown_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Brown Steel Garage Door 4x3",
steelGarageDoor4x3Red_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Red Steel Garage Door 4x3",
steelGarageDoor4x3Orange_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Orange Steel Garage Door 4x3",
steelGarageDoor4x3Yellow_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Yellow Steel Garage Door 4x3",
steelGarageDoor4x3Green_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Green Steel Garage Door 4x3",
steelGarageDoor4x3Blue_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Blue Steel Garage Door 4x3",
steelGarageDoor4x3Grey_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Grey Steel Garage Door 4x3",
steelGarageDoor4x3Black_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Black Steel Garage Door 4x3",
steelGarageDoor4x3ArmyGreen_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Army Green Steel Garage Door 4x3",
steelGarageDoor4x3BlockVariantHelper_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Steel Garage Door 4x3",
steelGarageDoor4x3_PoweredWhite_LtD,blocks,block,new,"White Steel Garage Door 4x3 (Powered)",
steelGarageDoor4x3_PoweredBrown_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Brown Steel Garage Door 4x3 (Powered)",
steelGarageDoor4x3_PoweredRed_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Red Steel Garage Door 4x3 (Powered)",
steelGarageDoor4x3_PoweredOrange_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Orange Steel Garage Door 4x3 (Powered)",
steelGarageDoor4x3_PoweredYellow_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Yellow Steel Garage Door 4x3 (Powered)",
steelGarageDoor4x3_PoweredGreen_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Green Steel Garage Door 4x3 (Powered)",
steelGarageDoor4x3_PoweredBlue_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Blue Steel Garage Door 4x3 (Powered)",
steelGarageDoor4x3_PoweredGrey_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Grey Steel Garage Door 4x3 (Powered)",
steelGarageDoor4x3_PoweredBlack_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Black Steel Garage Door 4x3 (Powered)",
steelGarageDoor4x3_PoweredArmyGreen_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Army Green Steel Garage Door 4x3 (Powered)",
steelGarageDoor4x3_PoweredBlockVariantHelper_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Steel Garage Door 4x3 (Powered)",
steelGarageDoor5x3White_LtD,blocks,block,new,"White Steel Garage Door 5x3",
steelGarageDoor5x3Brown_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Brown Steel Garage Door 5x3",
steelGarageDoor5x3Red_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Red Steel Garage Door 5x3",
steelGarageDoor5x3Orange_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Orange Steel Garage Door 5x3",
steelGarageDoor5x3Yellow_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Yellow Steel Garage Door 5x3",
steelGarageDoor5x3Green_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Green Steel Garage Door 5x3",
steelGarageDoor5x3Blue_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Blue Steel Garage Door 5x3",
steelGarageDoor5x3Grey_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Grey Steel Garage Door 5x3",
steelGarageDoor5x3Black_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Black Steel Garage Door 5x3",
steelGarageDoor5x3ArmyGreen_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Army Green Steel Garage Door 5x3",
steelGarageDoor5x3BlockVariantHelper_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Steel Garage Door 5x3",
steelGarageDoor5x3_PoweredWhite_LtD,blocks,block,new,"White Steel Garage Door 5x3 (Powered)",
steelGarageDoor5x3_PoweredBrown_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Brown Steel Garage Door 5x3 (Powered)",
steelGarageDoor5x3_PoweredRed_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Red Steel Garage Door 5x3 (Powered)",
steelGarageDoor5x3_PoweredOrange_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Orange Steel Garage Door 5x3 (Powered)",
steelGarageDoor5x3_PoweredYellow_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Yellow Steel Garage Door 5x3 (Powered)",
steelGarageDoor5x3_PoweredGreen_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Green Steel Garage Door 5x3 (Powered)",
steelGarageDoor5x3_PoweredBlue_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Blue Steel Garage Door 5x3 (Powered)",
steelGarageDoor5x3_PoweredGrey_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Grey Steel Garage Door 5x3 (Powered)",
steelGarageDoor5x3_PoweredBlack_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Black Steel Garage Door 5x3 (Powered)",
steelGarageDoor5x3_PoweredArmyGreen_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Army Green Steel Garage Door 5x3 (Powered)",
steelGarageDoor5x3_PoweredBlockVariantHelper_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Steel Garage Door 5x3 (Powered)",
rollUpDoor3x3White_LtD,blocks,block,new,"White Roll Up Door 3x3",
rollUpDoor3x3Brown_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Brown Roll Up Door 3x3",
rollUpDoor3x3Red_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Red Roll Up Door 3x3",
rollUpDoor3x3Orange_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Orange Roll Up Door 3x3",
rollUpDoor3x3Yellow_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Yellow Roll Up Door 3x3",
rollUpDoor3x3Green_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Green Roll Up Door 3x3",
rollUpDoor3x3Blue_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Blue Roll Up Door 3x3",
rollUpDoor3x3Purple_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Purple Roll Up Door 3x3",
rollUpDoor3x3Grey_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Grey Roll Up Door 3x3",
rollUpDoor3x3Black_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Black Roll Up Door 3x3",
rollUpDoor3x3Pink_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Pink Roll Up Door 3x3",
rollUpDoor3x3VariantHelper_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Roll Up Door 3x3",
rollUpDoor3x3_PoweredWhite_LtD,blocks,block,new,"White Roll Up Door 3x3 (Powered)",
rollUpDoor3x3_PoweredBrown_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Brown Roll Up Door 3x3 (Powered)",
rollUpDoor3x3_PoweredRed_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Red Roll Up Door 3x3 (Powered)",
rollUpDoor3x3_PoweredOrange_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Orange Roll Up Door 3x3 (Powered)",
rollUpDoor3x3_PoweredYellow_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Yellow Roll Up Door 3x3 (Powered)",
rollUpDoor3x3_PoweredGreen_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Green Roll Up Door 3x3 (Powered)",
rollUpDoor3x3_PoweredBlue_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Blue Roll Up Door 3x3 (Powered)",
rollUpDoor3x3_PoweredPurple_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Purple Roll Up Door 3x3 (Powered)",
rollUpDoor3x3_PoweredGrey_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Grey Roll Up Door 3x3 (Powered)",
rollUpDoor3x3_PoweredBlack_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Black Roll Up Door 3x3 (Powered)",
rollUpDoor3x3_PoweredPink_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Pink Roll Up Door 3x3 (Powered)",
rollUpDoor3x3_PoweredVariantHelper_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Roll Up Door 3x3 (Powered)", 
rollUpDoor5x4White_LtD,blocks,block,new,"White Roll Up Door 5x4",
rollUpDoor5x4Brown_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Brown Roll Up Door 5x4",
rollUpDoor5x4Red_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Red Roll Up Door 5x4",
rollUpDoor5x4Orange_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Orange Roll Up Door 5x4",
rollUpDoor5x4Yellow_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Yellow Roll Up Door 5x4",
rollUpDoor5x4Green_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Green Roll Up Door 5x4",
rollUpDoor5x4Blue_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Blue Roll Up Door 5x4",
rollUpDoor5x4Purple_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Purple Roll Up Door 5x4",
rollUpDoor5x4Grey_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Grey Roll Up Door 5x4",
rollUpDoor5x4Black_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Black Roll Up Door 5x4",
rollUpDoor5x4Pink_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Pink Roll Up Door 5x4",
rollUpDoor5x4VariantHelper_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Roll Up Door 5x4",
rollUpDoor5x4_PoweredWhite_LtD,blocks,block,new,"White Roll Up Door 5x4 (Powered)",
rollUpDoor5x4_PoweredBrown_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Brown Roll Up Door 5x4 (Powered)",
rollUpDoor5x4_PoweredRed_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Red Roll Up Door 5x4 (Powered)",
rollUpDoor5x4_PoweredOrange_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Orange Roll Up Door 5x4 (Powered)",
rollUpDoor5x4_PoweredYellow_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Yellow Roll Up Door 5x4 (Powered)",
rollUpDoor5x4_PoweredGreen_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Green Roll Up Door 5x4 (Powered)",
rollUpDoor5x4_PoweredBlue_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Blue Roll Up Door 5x4 (Powered)",
rollUpDoor5x4_PoweredPurple_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Purple Roll Up Door 5x4 (Powered)",
rollUpDoor5x4_PoweredGrey_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Grey Roll Up Door 5x4 (Powered)",
rollUpDoor5x4_PoweredBlack_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Black Roll Up Door 5x4 (Powered)",
rollUpDoor5x4_PoweredPink_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Pink Roll Up Door 5x4 (Powered)",
rollUpDoor5x4_PoweredVariantHelper_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Roll Up Door 5x4 (Powered)", 
rollUpDoor7x4White_LtD,blocks,block,new,"White Roll Up Door 7x4",
rollUpDoor7x4Brown_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Brown Roll Up Door 7x4",
rollUpDoor7x4Red_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Red Roll Up Door 7x4",
rollUpDoor7x4Orange_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Orange Roll Up Door 7x4",
rollUpDoor7x4Yellow_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Yellow Roll Up Door 7x4",
rollUpDoor7x4Green_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Green Roll Up Door 7x4",
rollUpDoor7x4Blue_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Blue Roll Up Door 7x4",
rollUpDoor7x4Purple_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Purple Roll Up Door 7x4",
rollUpDoor7x4Grey_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Grey Roll Up Door 7x4",
rollUpDoor7x4Black_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Black Roll Up Door 7x4",
rollUpDoor7x4Pink_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Pink Roll Up Door 7x4",
rollUpDoor7x4VariantHelper_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Roll Up Door 7x4",
rollUpDoor7x4_PoweredWhite_LtD,blocks,block,new,"White Roll Up Door 7x4 (Powered)",
rollUpDoor7x4_PoweredBrown_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Brown Roll Up Door 7x4 (Powered)",
rollUpDoor7x4_PoweredRed_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Red Roll Up Door 7x4 (Powered)",
rollUpDoor7x4_PoweredOrange_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Orange Roll Up Door 7x4 (Powered)",
rollUpDoor7x4_PoweredYellow_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Yellow Roll Up Door 7x4 (Powered)",
rollUpDoor7x4_PoweredGreen_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Green Roll Up Door 7x4 (Powered)",
rollUpDoor7x4_PoweredBlue_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Blue Roll Up Door 7x4 (Powered)",
rollUpDoor7x4_PoweredPurple_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Purple Roll Up Door 7x4 (Powered)",
rollUpDoor7x4_PoweredGrey_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Grey Roll Up Door 7x4 (Powered)",
rollUpDoor7x4_PoweredBlack_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Black Roll Up Door 7x4 (Powered)",
rollUpDoor7x4_PoweredPink_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Pink Roll Up Door 7x4 (Powered)",
rollUpDoor7x4_PoweredVariantHelper_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Roll Up Door 7x4 (Powered)", 
rollUpGate3x3White_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Roll Up Security Gate 3x3",
rollUpGate4x3White_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Roll Up Security Gate 4x3",
rollUpGate4x3DiagonalWhite_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Roll Up Security Gate 4x3 Diagonal",
rollUpGate5x3White_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Roll Up Security Gate 5x3",
rollUpGate3x3_PoweredWhite_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Roll Up Security Gate 3x3 (Powered)",
rollUpGate4x3_PoweredWhite_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Roll Up Security Gate 4x3 (Powered)",
rollUpGate4x3Diagonal_PoweredWhite_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Roll Up Security Gate 4x3 Diagonal (Powered)",
rollUpGate5x3_PoweredWhite_LtD,blocks,block,new,"Roll Up Security Gate 5x3 (Powered)",
workstationsT1-3,progression,Attribute,new,Tier 1: Lock Picks,
workstationsT2-2,progression,Attribute,new,Tier 2: Table Saw,